docs: get memory doc more descriptive (#2780)
libuv/libuv: docs/src/misc.rst

.. c:function:: uint64_t uv_get_free_memory(void)

>     Gets the information of free amount of memory available (in bytes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Gets the amount of free memory available in the system, as reported by the kernel (in bytes).
```

.. c:function:: uint64_t uv_get_total_memory(void)

>     Gets the information of total amount of memory available (in bytes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Gets the total amount of physical memory in the system (in bytes).
```
